TRIP: 2021-ITC-BPAL-EHC-09                                                                         21E567437 VER 1 (ISSUED)

Equipment     List: CBC55
Tow Name:     LUBES-10K-05
Tow Code:     L10K05
Voyage #:     11
Ref No.

2021-ITC-BPAL-EHC-09--5343656

Vetting #: maresly-630284
Prior Cargo: EHC45
Cleaning Required: LOT

Owner is to communicate immediately via phone and email any errors in this voyage order.
Owner is to confirm prior cargo and cleaning directions.
Owner is to acknowledge voyage order received and understood via email return of this voyage order.
Please provide an ROB report within 24 hrs of movement if ROB is greater than 0.5% of loaded volume.
Please include a copy of this voyage order with invoice and send to:
DS-SRM.Inland-Invoices-Mailbox@ExxonMobil.com
The cargo(es) listed above may contain different levels of H2S, including levels that could result in
serious injury or death.
Vessel operator should take the appropriate precautions to protect their crews from exposure to H2S.
Information about H2S should be discussed with the terminal operator before loading.
MSDS and shore tank specific H2S information should be obtained during the pre-transfer conference.

Parcel Comments:
Retain samples for 90 days.

Quality Inspection Instructions:
SET 1
            Description: Shore Tank to Ship Tank Individual Samples
       Sample Location: Shore Line Grab Sample 路 Vessel's Manifold at Start of Load 路 Vessel First Foot 路 Ship Tank Individual 路 Shore
                         Tank Composite (Running)
Quality Test Comments:
Prior to vessel arrival, verify temperature of on-shore tank is between 50-149 degF for EHC 45.    If
shore tank temperature is not within this range, contact scheduler to determine corrective action.
Arrange to pull (1) liter (clear) sample from each on-shore tank for field appearance test and retain.
The shore tank appearance test should be conducted at ambient temperature. If any shore tank sample
fails appearance test, contact scheduler to determine corrective action. The shore tank composite sam-
ples should be readily available during vessel conveyance for field visual comparison purposes.

During vessel conveyance, arrange to pull (1) liter (clear) samples from each location specified below
for field appearance test and retain. Field appearance testing for these sample points is not required
to be conducted at room temperature. Compare each sample with the on-shore tank sample(s). If any sam-
ple fails appearance test or color is markedly different from on-shore tank sample(s), please flush
through sample valve until sample is C&B. If subsequent sample is not C&B, contact scheduler to deter-
mine corrective action.
* Shore Line Grab Sample - Once the on-shore manifold or loading arm is filled with basestock, sample as
close to vessel manifold valve as possible.
* Vessel's Manifold at Start of Load - Once the vessel manifold is filled with basestock, sample at the
vessel manifold.
* Ship's First Foot Sample - Once the vessel tank reaches one-foot, sample the compartment.

After the loading, arrange to pull one (1/2 to 1) quart sample of each compartment for visual appearance
test. Appearance testing for the compartment samples is not required to be conducted at ambient temper-
ature. If any compartment sample is abnormal, contact scheduler to determine corrective action.



                                                                                                      RO = Report Only    Req. = Required
 Test          Methods         Min   Max    UOM    Typical    R.O.   Req.   Comment
 Additional Tests
 Appearance    [ASTM]                5              C&B       No     Yes    There must be NO free water. Particle count not to exceed 5
 Visual        ASTM E2680                                                   max and no abnormal odor.

SET 2

                                                             Page 3 of 7
