TRIP: 2021-ITC-BPAL-EHC-09                                                                        21E567437 VER 1 (ISSUED)

BP PO: 4800908520
Please reference BP's PO on load inspection documentation

Please call the inspection company when the barge/vessel arrives.

NOTE: Loaded quantities not to exceed nominated quantities.
Note: Ship-shore tolerance is 0.5%. Inspectors must investigate or note discrepancies found and report
findings. A letter of protest must also be presented for both
ship/shore discrepancies > 0.5%.
Special Instructions:
--Owner is to communicate immediately via phone and email any errors in this voyage order.
--Owner is to confirm prior cargo and cleaning directions.
--Owner is to acknowledge voyage order received and understood via email return of this voyage order.
--Please provide an ROB report within 24hrs of movement if ROB is greater than 0.5% of loaded volume.

The cargo(es) listed above may contain different levels of H2S, including levels that could result in
serious injury or death. Vessel operator should take the appropriate
precautions to protect their crews from exposure to H2S. Information about H2S levels should be dis-
cussed with the terminal operator before loading. MSDS and shore
tank specific H2S information should be obtained during the pre-transfer conference.

Agent Details:
Equipment List: CBC55
Tow Name: LUBES-10K-05
Tow Code: L10K05
Voyage #: 11
Ref No.
2021-ITC-BPAL-EHC-09--5343657

Vetting #: maresly-630284
Prior Cargo: EHC45
Cleaning Required: LOT

Owner is to communicate immediately via phone and email any errors in this voyage order.
Owner is to confirm prior cargo and cleaning directions.
Owner is to acknowledge voyage order received and understood via email return of this voyage order.
Please provide an ROB report within 24 hrs of movement if ROB is greater than 0.5% of loaded volume.
Please include a copy of this voyage order with invoice and send to:
DS-SRM.Inland-Invoices-Mailbox@ExxonMobil.com
The cargo(es) listed above may contain different levels of H2S, including levels that could result in
serious injury or death.
Vessel operator should take the appropriate precautions to protect their crews from exposure to H2S.
Information about H2S should be discussed with the terminal operator before loading.
MSDS and shore tank specific H2S information should be obtained during the pre-transfer conference.

Parcel Comments:
Retain samples for 90 days.

Quality Inspection Instructions:
SET 1
            Description: Shore Tank to Ship Tank Individual Samples
       Sample Location: Shore Line Grab Sample 路 Vessel's Manifold at Start of Load 路 Vessel First Foot 路 Ship Tank Individual 路 Shore
                         Tank Composite (Running)
Quality Test Comments:
Prior to vessel arrival, verify temperature of on-shore tank is between 50-149 degF for EHC 65.    If
shore tank temperature is not within this range, contact scheduler to determine corrective action.
Arrange to pull (1) liter (clear) sample from each on-shore tank for field appearance test and retain.
The shore tank appearance test should be conducted at ambient temperature. If any shore tank sample
fails appearance test, contact scheduler to determine corrective action. The shore tank composite sam-
ples should be readily available during vessel conveyance for field visual comparison purposes.

During vessel conveyance, arrange to pull (1) liter (clear) samples from each location specified below
for field appearance test and retain. Field appearance testing for these sample points is not required


                                                            Page 5 of 7
